1."Caveat Emptor!" is a latin phrase that roughly translates to "let the buyer beware", 
  and it is the principle that the buyer purchases at his own risk.

2.With the default copy operation, all class members are copied identically as they are, 
  including pointers, which can be undesired.

3.The default meaning of copying is appropriate when the class doesn't deal with pointers or 
  references. It's inappropriate when it implies a double deletion which causes a memory 
  leak.

4.A copy constructor is a constructor that takes as its argument a reference to the object 
  from which to copy, and it is called when we try to initialize a class with another, in 
  in case the constructor has been defined, otherwise the default copy is performed.

5.A copy assignment is a memberwise copy of the class like the copy constructor, with the 
  exception that the objects have been previously declared already.

6.With copy assignment we deal with objects that have been previously declared, while with 
  copy initialization we declare an object with a copy of another one.

7.A shallow copy is a copy by which a pointer assumes the address of another pointer, which 
  means that even though we have 2 pointers, they refer to the same object. We have a deep 
  copy, instead, when a pointer copies the content of another pointer but points to another 
  object in memory, so they are distinct.

8.A copy of a vector is identical to the original vector except that the two have different 
  location in memory (different addresses).

10.An explicit constructor takes only one argument, and accepts (when constructing a class 
   object) only the usual constructor semantics and not the implicit conversions. It is
   preferred to use it when the implicit conversion is unclear or ambiguous (Ex. vector v=10;
   makes a vector of 10 elements).

11.We can implicitly use the assignment or also implicitly pass a class object in a function.

12.An array is a sequence or group of objects allocated on the free store,  which are 
   distinguished by an index.

13.Because arrays can't be copied neither with a copy constructor nor copy assignment, they 
   can be copied only with a loop that copies each element.

14.An array can be initialized by just specifying type, name and number of elements, or with
   an initializer list, where the size can be omitted (Ex. int a[3]; int a[3] {1,2,3};
   int a[] {1,2,3};).

15.We should prefer a pointer over a reference argument when nullptr is a valid argument 
   and we should remember to check for it (17.9.1).

16.A C-style string is an array of characters terminated by a zero.

17.A palindrome is a word that when reversed it's still spelled the same as before.